Clarify how request's mode and credentials mode are set (#609) (#622)
WICG/webpackage: explainers/subresource-loading.md

Note that `resources` attribute is reflected to JavaScript as a [`DOMTokenList`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMTokenList).

## Request's mode and credentials mode

> With `<link>`-based API, a
> [request](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-request) for a bundle
> will have their [mode][request mode] set to "`no-cors`" and their
> [credentials mode][credentials mode] set to "`include`" unless a
> [crossorigin][crossorigin attribute] attribute is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `<link>`-based API, a
[request](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-request) for a bundle
will have its [mode][request mode] set to "`no-cors`" and its
[credentials mode][credentials mode] set to "`include`" unless a
[crossorigin][crossorigin attribute] attribute is specified.
```

Author: Done. Thanks!

If a [crossorigin][crossorigin attribute] attribute is specified,

> their [mode][request mode] and [credentials mode][credentials mode]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the request's [mode][request mode] and [credentials mode][credentials mode]
```

Author: Done. Thanks!

will be set as the [CORS settings attributes][cors settings attribute]
section describes.

The following table is the summary.

| State          | [mode][request mode] | [credentials mode][credentials mode] |
| --------------- | -----------          | ----------------                     |

> | No CORS         | "`no-cors`"          | "`include`" [1]                       |

Reviewer: Can we follow the ["For more modern features"](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/urls-and-fetching.html#cors-settings-attributes:~:text=For%20more%20modern%20features) policy, and always use CORS for bundle fetching?

Author: As per the separate discussion, we've decided to follow "For more modern features" policy.

Now we use "cors" always, and use "same-origin" for a credentials mode if `crossorigin`attribute is not given.

Reviewer: Thanks! And sorry for forgetting why we had `no-cors` in the first place.
